there are those who would say
you got away with it i have faced trials
i have faced allegations perhaps it's
true
also known as the serpent are you a
dangerous man
the question first is whether i
committed murder
a cunning and deceptive master criminal
convicted of a string of crimes across
southeast asia
and the 1970s hippie trail and suspected
of many more nobody has ever caught me
aj
no one what began as petty crime soon
evolved as the bridge's confidence grew
along with his ability to manipulate
those around him
we'll make them love us before long
he'd be capable of killing
[Music]
posing as a gem dealer charles barge
traveled the world
using fake passports and forced
identities to slip across borders
i think he's killing people and using
their passports to travel on to confuse
the police
a wanted man in nine different countries
subrage left betrayal of deception and
invasion
at every step using his cunning ways to
fool almost
everyone he came into contact with
including the authorities
so his name isn't even helena a master
of forgery
a canadian citizen who met charles abraj
on holiday in india
marie andre leclair soon fell under his
spell
forging the alias monique say you're a
monique
her toxic relationship with her criminal
lover was continuously tested
but despite his incessant lies and
deception she continued to follow him
across the world
as his accomplice no matter how low he
chose to stoop
[Music]
disturbed by reports of two missing
dutch backpackers in thailand
hermann knipenberg a 31 year old dutch
diplomat
decided to take on the job of
investigating their disappearance
no one at the embassy could know what
were about to do however
he couldn't possibly have imagined the
scale of what he was walking into
and soon found himself caught in charles
abraj's criminal web
open the glove component regardless
hermann with the aid of his wife
friends and witnesses to surprise
activities
persisted in his investigation of the
mysterious french gem dealer
this man he robs
kills while the authorities repeatedly
stood by
and refused to help
[Music]
sobrage's charisma helped his crimes go
unpunished for decades
captivating accomplices fooling
authorities
and seducing those who would fall victim
to his ways
if you were lonely or sad or lost
whatever you may have needed even
if you didn't know it yourself he saw it
and he fixed it
a manipulator at heart siraj used his
chameleon persona
to target and exploit innocent travelers
looking for a friendly face
far from home why
you're dutch yes our home is always open
to friends
it would be a long time before the world
knew the real
char sabraj
you